The Export to Image Menu allows you to generate an image file of your 
currently active page.   The SPEDAS GUI supports the following file types:  
Portable Network Graphics (.png), Encapsulated Postscript (.eps), Windows 
Meta-File (.emf, Windows Only), Windows Bitmap (.bmp), Graphics Interchange 
Format (.gif), Joint Photographic Experts Format/JPEG (.jpg), JPEG 2000 
(.jp2), Apple PICT format (.pic).

The directory to which you will output is listed at the top.  The 'Arrow' 
button will allow you to move up one directory.  You can also edit the 
directory by typing directly into the directory field, or selecting the 
desired directory from the directory list below. The file name for output 
is listed in the text box at the bottom.  Change the output format by 
selecting a different type from the 'Save As' dropdown menu at the bottom.  
The 'Options' button will show the graphics output options for the selected 
file type.  These options will change depending on the file type.  They 
involve things like the size and resolution of the output file.  
When you are ready to actually save the file, select the 'Save' button, 
and the requested file will be saved to the selected directory.  If you 
change your mind select the 'Cancel' button or the 'X' in the corner. 

NOTES:  
1)  .EPS and .EMF both support vector output.  A file produced with vector 
  output can be resized without pixelation, and can be edited in Illustrator 
  (or similar programs) e.g. text (labels, titles) that appear in the 
  document can be edited directly as text objects, fonts can be changed,
  line color can be edited.
  To turn on vector output for either of these format types, press the
  'Options' button and select 'Vector'.  
2)  If vector output is selected for .EPS or .EMF format, text that runs of the
  edge of the page will not appear in the saved image file e.g. if part of a 
  y-axis label is cut off the left hand side of the active page, the entire 
  label will not appear in the saved file.
  Page margins can be easily changed under Graph->Page Options, Layout tab,
  to ensure all labels are visible on the page.
   
3)  Setting line plot resolution at or past 70% can make the file unreadable due 
  to the size of the file. 
 

