THM_GUI widget definitions:

MAIN WINDOW:

Starting from the left, the first column of buttons (under "Data
Choices") on the left side are used to choose different kinds of data
to load, to choose the time range for the data, and to load the
data. There is a button for each instrument, a button for time range
selection and a button which initiates the loading process. Each of
these buttons (except for the load button) will pop up a selection
widget.

The buttons across the top in the middle are for coordinate
transforms, data processing and plotting and overview plots. When
clicked, each of these buttons pops up a widget for different data
manipulation tasks. If the "Draw Plot" button is clicked, a plot of
the data is created.

In the middle of the window there are windows which show the data sets
that have been selected and the history of events.

On the bottom of the main window there is a one-line progress widget
that informs the user about the status of the current data loading or
processing. Also there are buttons: "Help","Error", "Config" and
"Exit". The Help button pops up a text widget that shows this
text. The Error button pops up a widget with the THEMIS help request
form, that can be edited, saved and emailed. The Config button pops up
a widget that allows the user to set different parameters in the
!themis system variable that controls automatic downloading. The Exit
button ends the program.

WINDOWS, BUTTONS AND POPUPS:

LOADED DATA WINDOW: 

   When data is loaded, information appears in the window. For each
   data set loaded, the appropriate variable name and time range are
   listed. To choose a particular data set for plotting or other
   processing, left-click on it.  Multiple data sets can be selected by
   holding the "control" key, and clicking more than one.  Also, you
   can click on an option, then hold "shift" and the left mouse
   button, and drag the cursor over the other data sets. Each of the
   data sets includes one "tplot variable", which can be processed and
   plotted using the IDL program TPLOT. The data sets that you click
   on in the Loaded Data window are called the "active" data sets.

CHOOSING DATA USING STRINGS:

   Just below the Loaded Data window is a window in which the user can
   type in a string (or a set of strings separated by spaces) and set
   the active data sets to the variables including those strings. For
   example, typing in "tha_spin* tha_fg*" (don't include the quotes in
   the actual window) will set the active data sets to all variables
   that start with the string "tha_spin" and also all variables with
   names starting with the string "tha_fg". The question mark can be
   included as a wild card for single characters:, e.g., "th?_spin*",
   will return all variables with "th" then one letter, then "_spin*.
   Once the string is typed, click on the "Set Active Data to String"
   button, and the appropriate data sets will become active. If you
   type "*" in the window, and click the "Set Active Data to String"
   button, all of the data available will be set to active.

ACTIVE DATA WINDOW:

   In this window, the "active" data sets are shown. The data sets that
   you click on in the Loaded Data window are called the "active" data
   sets. Any coordinate transform, data processing or plotting task
   will refer to these data only. 

   If you have loaded data, then the "active" data sets are those
   which have just been loaded.  Usually a data processing task will
   change the active data set to be the data that has been just been
   created. When you are in doubt which is the active data set, click
   on it and it will be set.

   The coordinate system of the active data sets are shown in
   parentheses after the variable name for informational
   purposes. "(Unknown)" means that there is no coordinate system
   associated with that data.

   If you click the "Clear Active Data" button below the window, the
   active data is cleared. The window is cleared and the active data sets
   become inactive. No data is deleted. Just click on the data in the
   loaded data window to activate it.

HISTORY WINDOW: 

   This is a list of the IDL commands which have been used, and error
   messages. Just below the history window are buttons that allow the
   user to save the history in a file, and clear the history. The
   "Save History" button will save the history in an IDL source file.
   When you click here, a file selection widget pops up, allowing you
   to choose the filename and path for the file. The default value is
   called "thm_gui_history_yyyymmddss.pro" in your local working
   directory. The time stamp on the default file name is the local
   system time. The "Clear History" button deletes the history. Since
   this history includes error messages, it is hoped that users will
   save and email this file when errors occur. This will be used as a 
   debugging tool.

PROGRESS WINDOW:

   In this window, there is a line of text that tells the user what is
   happening, with respect to data loading and processing tasks. It
   will also display warnings, in particular, when an invalid input
   value for some data processing task is input, there will be a
   warning in the progress widget. If there is an error that causes
   the code to crash, then this window will display the string "Error
   - See History:" to alert the user to an error.


DATA CHOICES SELECTION BUTTONS: 

   Each data quantity selection button pops up a widget that show the
   different types of data that can be loaded for that instrument. For
   ground-based data the list on the left gives the different ground
   stations that are available. For spacecraft data, the choice is of
   the different probes. To choose data from that station/probe, click
   on it.  Multiple stations/probes can be selectd by holding the
   "control" key, and clicking more than one.  Also, you can click on
   an option, then hold "shift", and the left mouse button, and drag
   the cursor over the others. Clicking "*" will select all available
   ground stations or probes.

   The types of data that are available are listed in the middle, for
   level 1 data, and on the right for level 2 data. Click on the type
   of data to choose it, multiple selections and "*" are handled in
   the same manner as the choice of ground station or probe.

   Below these windows, there is a place to type in a string for the
   data selection. If you type in here, the data types that match this
   string are then displayed in the list windows. Wild card characters
   are necessary. If for example, you are selecting state data, and
   you wanted all data types that include "spin", then you type
   "*spin*". If there are no matches, "None" is displayyed. Note that
   you still need to click on something in the list window to choose
   the data, even if there is only one variable available. Below this
   window, there are windows that show what the current data that is
   being selected and the probe or ground station selected. If no data
   types are selected, then no data for that instrument will be
   loaded.

   There are 2 buttons, one that allows the user to clear the choice
   of probe/station, one that allows the user to clear the chosen data
   types, and one that exits the widget.  
   
   SCM Calibration: For SCM data only, the 'Data Choice' window also 
   contains a section that allows the user to modify the calibration
   parameters. There are two buttons at the bottom of the calibration
   section, a 'Help' button which will display a new window with 
   detailed descriptions of all the parameters, and a 'Reset' button 
   which will restore the original (default) values.
   
   When you are done, click the "Accept and Close" button to exit the 
   popup. The chosen data types will show up in the history window.

   The GUI is set up to allow data from multiple instruments to be
   input together. For example, the user can choose some EFI data
   types, and some FGM data types, and some other types, and load it
   all with one click on the "Load Data" button. Note that the
   selection of "probe" is global, all of the selected data will be
   loaded for the probe(s) chosen most recently. If, for example, you
   want to load EFI data from probe "A" and FGM data from probe "B",
   you will need to load these separately. 

   You will notice that all of the other buttons on the widget are
   inactive while this popup is active. you must click on "Accept and
   Close" for anything to happen after you choose data types.

   The data names are kind of cryptic, and are not necessarily clear
   to the casual user. A list of datatypes, with some description, is
   included at the end of this file.

TIME RANGE SELECTION BUTTON:

   Choose Start Time: Pops up a widget that allows you to choose a
   start time for data to be loaded. You may also type a string value
   of the form yyyy-mm-dd/hh:mm:ss in the window next to the button.
   The selected time is displayed in the history window. This allows
   the user to check that the time is correct, before loading data.

   Choose End Time: Pops up a widget that allows you to choose an end
   time for data to be loaded. You may also type a string value of the
   form yyyy-mm-dd/hh:mm:ss in the window next to the button.

   When you are done, click the "Accept and Close" button to exit the
   popup.

   Note that the initial times 1970-01-01/00:00:00. You are required
   to choose a time range before you can load any data. Once an
   initial time range is set, it is saved, and when the widget is
   popped up later in the session, the most recent inputs are
   displayed. You need not type or select a full time, all you have to
   do is edit.

LOAD DATA BUTTON: 

   Click on this button to load the selected data. All selected
   datatypes will be loaded. The list of loaded data types, or "Load
   Queue" are saved. If you want to reload the same data for a
   different time range, you can simply change the time range and hit
   the load button. This only works if you haven't chosen any other
   data types, though. The list of data types is re-initialized when
   you click a data selection button after loading. As mentioned
   above, the data sets loaded in the most recent button click are the
   "active" data sets and will appear in the Active Data window.

CLEAR LOAD QUEUE BUTTON:

   Click this button to clear out the load queue. This is useful if a
   load request failed. If the load routine crashes (heaven forbid),
   then it is a good idea to clear out the queue before trying to load
   other data.

COORDINATE TRANSFORM BUTTON:

   When the "Coordinate Transform" button is clicked, a popup appears
   with different choices for coordinate transforms. Each possible
   output coordinate system has a button.  The possibilities are:
   "SPG" (Spacecraft Probe Coordinates), "SSL" (Spinning Spacecraft
   Coordinates), "DSL" (Despun Spacecraft Coordinates), "GSE"
   (Geocentric Solar Ecliptic), "GSM" (Geocentric Solar
   Magnetospheric), and "GEI" (Geocentric Earth Inertial).  On the 
   right hand side of the panel, a window displays the current output
   coordinate system.

   Only the active data sets are transformed.  The input coordinate
   systems for the active data sets are automatically obtained.  Data
   with "Unknown" coordinates will not be transformed.

   Click on the "transform" button to perform the
   transformation. Warnings and error messages will appear in the
   window at the bottom, and also in the progress window on the main
   widget.

   Click on the "Close" button to dismiss the popup.

DATA PROCESSING BUTTON: 

   When the "Data Processing" button is clicked, a popup appears with
   various options for data processing. Only one data processing popup
   will appear; if you click the button multiple times, the same popup
   will show up. The popup contains multiple buttons and a text widget
   which displays error messages. When one button is clicked, the other
   buttons are disabled.


   As usual, only the variables shown in the Active Data window will
   be operated on by these processes. Also, these processes change the
   active data sets to the output variables of the processes. If you
   want to do multiple processes on the same data sets, you need to
   reset the active data sets each time.

MESSAGE WINDOW:
 
   In addition to alerting the user when a process
   crashes, the error message window will alert the user when an
   invalid input parameter is set for the processes. The text is the
   same as in the progress window of the main GUI. For user input
   errors, the THEMIS Error widget does not pop up.

   It is important to note, however, that the user input error
   checking in IDL does not catch everything with respect to values
   typed into a widget.  If the necessary input is a numerical value,
   then most strings that are not true numbers will not be
   rejected. For example, if a user inputs "XDFB%%%", this is
   interpreted as a value of zero; IDL does not stop processing when
   there is a type conversion error, it simply returns zero. Unusual
   things can happen. If the user inputs "1apppk", then this is
   interpreted by IDL as one, but if the user inputs "a1pppk", then
   this is interpreted as zero. If there seems to be a problem, and no
   error message pops up, look at the history window in the main GUI.
   The input values will be recorded there.

SUBTRACT AVERAGE: 

   For each active data set, the average value
   is subtracted. new variables are created, the new names have the
   syntax: new_var = old_var+"-d", and the new variables become the
   active data sets`.

SUBTRACT MEDIAN: 
   
   For each active data set, the median value is
   subtracted. new variables are created, the new names have the
   syntax: new_var = old_var+"-m", and the new variables become the
   active data sets.

SMOOTH DATA: 
   
   Boxcar smoothing of the data. A widget will pop up,
   asking how many data points to smooth over. Choose a value, and
   click on "accept and close". The default is 11 points. New
   variables will be created, with "_sm_npts" appended to the old
   variable names, where npts is the smoothing resolution. If you
   click the "Cancel" button on the popup, nothing will happen.

BLOCK AVERAGE: 
   
   Click this button to average that data over time, a
   window will pop up, asking for the time resolution. The default
   time resolution is 60 seconds. New variables will be created, with
   "_av_tres" appended to the old variable names, where "tres" is the
   time resolution. If you click the "Cancel" button on the popup,
   nothing will happen.

CLIP: 
   
   Clips data above and below a set maximum and minimum, a
   widget pops up which allows these values to be set. Then data
   outside the range is set to NaN.  New variables will be created,
   with "_clip" appended to the old variable names. If you click the
   "Cancel" button on the popup, nothing will happen.

DEFLAG:  

	 Interpolates or repeats the most recent valid data value
   over gaps in the data (gaps are denoted by NaNs,and can be created
   by the clipping process). A window pops up which is used to set the
   method, there are two choices: "repeat" will repeat the last good
   value over the gap. "linear" will interpolate over gaps. New
   variables will be created, with "_deflag" appended to the old
   variable names. If you click the "Cancel" button on the popup,
   nothing will happen.

DEGAP: 
   
   Locates gaps in data, and fills in with 'NaN' values. It
   figures out where to add data points by checking which time
   differences are greater than or equal to an input time interval,
   plus a margin, and adds equally spaced 'NaN' data points at time
   intervals with spacing determined by the size of the data gap
   divided by the number of points that fit with minimum cumulative
   error. The input parameters are the time resolution for the data to
   be input, the margin and the maximum gap size. If you click the
   "Cancel" button on the popup, nothing will happen.

CLEAN SPIKES: 
   
   Removes spikes from messy data. New variables will be
   created, with "_dspk" appended to the old variables.

TIME DERIVATIVE: 
   
   Takes the time derivative of the active data
   sets. New variables will be created, with "d_" prepended to the old
   variable names.

WAVELET TRANSFORM: 
   
   The data is split into components, and a basic
   wavelet transform is performed on each component, with "_wv"
   appended to the old variable names. Note that this is designed for
   electric or magnetic field data. Applying this to other data (e.g.,
   spectrograms) will cause non-intuitive results.

DPWRSPEC: 
   
   The data is split into components, and a dynamic power
   spectrum is obtained from each component, with "_dpwrspc" appended
   to the old variable names. Note that this is designed for electric 
   or magnetic field data. Applying this to other data (e.g.,
   spectrograms) will cause non-intuitive results. For some time
   ranges, the "dpwrspec" button crashes in the IDL POLY_FIT
   routine. We have no clue why this happens. Try changing the input
   time range.

   SET TIME LIMITS: A popup will appear, allowing the user to set time
   limits for the processing application, either by using the cursor
   on the existing plot window, by using a time selection widget, or
   by typing in the start and end times. The different buttons are:

   "Choose Start Time": Pops up a widget that allows you to choose a
   start time for data to be loaded. You may also type a string value
   of the form yyyy-mm-dd/hh:mm:ss in the window next to the button.
   The selected time is displayed in the history window. This allows
   the user to check that the time is correct, before loading data.

   "Choose End Time": Pops up a widget that allows you to choose an
   end time for data to be loaded. You may also type a string value of
   the form yyyy-mm-dd/hh:mm:ss in the window next to the button.

   "Tlimits from cursor": Click here move the cursor over the plot
   window, and click twice on the plot to choose a new time range.
   You must select a time range by clicking twice on the plot; all
   other operations on this widget are disabled while you do this

   "Reset to init value": Click here and the time limits will be reset
   to the initial values in the active data variables.

   When you are done, click the "Accept and Close" button to exit the
   popup. The plot will be reset to the new time limits.
 
   If you click the "Cancel" button, the popup will close, with
   nothing happening


RENAME: 
   
   A popup prompts the user for the new variable name for each
   of the "active" data sets, and each variable is renamed to the new
   name. If you click "Cancel", nothing happens. Since this window is
   activated for each "active" data set, all operations must be 
   performed for each data set, including "Cancel".

RESTORE: 
   
   Saved files can be restored using this button. A filename
   selection window will pop up and the user can use this to select a
   saved file. If you click "Cancel", nothing happens.

SAVE: 
   
   An IDL save file is created with all of the active data
   sets. A filename selection window is popped up, and the user can
   change the default filename. If you click "Cancel", nothing happens.

SAVE ASCII: 
   
   An ASCII save file is created for each active data.
   A filename selection window is popped up, and the user can 
   change the default root filename. The variable name is appended
   to the end of the root filename. If you click "Cancel", nothing 
   happens.

DELETE: 
   
   The active data sets are deleted. 

   CLOSE: Click here to close the widget.


PLOT MENU BUTTON:

   Note that, when this button is first clicked a plot of the active
   data sets pops up, if there are active data. This is because
   certain plot parameters have to be initialized for some of the
   buttons to work properly. If there is no active data, then no plot
   appears, and nothing will happen if the buttons on this widget are
   clicked.

   SET TIME LIMITS: A popup will appear, allowing the user to set time
   limits for the processing application, either by using the cursor
   on the existing plot window, by using a time selection widget, or
   by typing in the start and end times. 

   "Choose Start Time": Pops up a widget that allows you to choose a
   start time for data to be loaded. You may also type a string value
   of the form yyyy-mm-dd/hh:mm:ss in the window next to the button.
   The selected time is displayed in the history window. This allows
   the user to check that the time is correct, before loading data.

   "Choose End Time": Pops up a widget that allows you to choose an end
   time for data to be loaded. You may also type a string value of the
   form yyyy-mm-dd/hh:mm:ss in the window next to the button.

   "Tlimits from cursor": Click here move the cursor over the plot
   window, and click twice on the plot to choose a new time range.
   You must select a time range by clicking twice on the plot; all
   other operations on this widget are disabled while you do this

   "Reset to init value": Click here and the time limits will be reset
   to the initial values in the active data variables.

   When you are done, click the "Accept and Close" button to exit the
   popup. The plot will be reset to the new tile limits.
 
   If you click the "Cancel" button, the popup will close, with
   nothing happening

   YLIMIT: Set the y limits of the active data sets. For each active
   data set, a text widget pops up, allowing the limits to be set, and
   also log plotting can be set/unset: if ylog is set to 1, then the
   plot for this variable will be a log plot. If you click the
   "Cancel" button on the popup, nothing will happen.

   ZLIMIT: Same as Ylimit, for the Zlimits for spectrogram data.
   
   SET POSTSCRIPT FILE SIZE: Pops up a widget for the postscript plot. 
   The set postscript file size window can also be used to set the size 
   for postscript files. Note that you must set xsize and ysize greater 
   than zero for this to work. Otherwise an error message appears and 
   the window size is not set. It is a good idea not to make windows 
   larger than your screen size. There are also two radio buttons that 
   allows the user to select size units or 'inches' or 'cm'. If you 
   click the "Cancel" button on the popup, nothing will happen. 

   SET PLOT WINDOW SIZE: Pops up a widget for the window size. For
   screen plots you can just drag the window for resizing. The set
   plot window size window can also be used to set the size for png
   plots. Note that you must set xsize and ysize greater than zero for
   this to work. Otherwise an error message appears and the window
   siae is not set. It is a good idea not to make windows larger than
   you screen size. If you click the "Cancel" button on the popup,
   nothing will happen.

   SET PLOT WINDOW NUMBER: Sets the window number for the screen plots. 
   Only window numbers between 0 and 32 are accepted. If you click the
   "Cancel" button on the popup, nothing will happen.

   CREATE NEW WINDOW: pops up a plot window with whatever values are
   currently saved in the widget. The default initial values are 0 for
   the window number and [xsize,ysize] = [640,480]. If you click the
   "Cancel" button on the popup, nothing will happen.

   PLOT TYPE: click on "SCREEN" for screen plots. If you click on
   "PNG" a png plot will be created when you click the "Draw Plot"
   button, with filename = "thm_gui_plot_yyyymmddss.png" in your local
   working directory.  The time stamp on the file is the local system
   time. if you click on "PS" a postscript file will be created for 
   each active data, with filename = 'thm_ascii_yyyymmddss.txt" in your local
   working directory

   SPECTROGRAM/LINE PLOT: These two buttons can be used to set the
   way active data is to be plotted. They are mutually exclusive.
   Note that not all data can be characterized as a
   spectrogram. It is important to remember that not all data can
   be plotted spectrographically

   SPACECRAFT/COMPONENT: These two buttons are used to regroup active
   tplot variables by either spacecraft or component. The new tplot 
   variables will be made active. A new plot will be drawn. 
   
   DRAW PLOT: Click here to draw the plot. If "PNG" or "PS" plot types
   are selected, the appropriate files will be created, however no 
   plots will be displayed on the screen. It is helpful to remember to
   set the plot type back to "SCREEN" when you have finished creating
   "PNG" or "PS" files.

   CLOSE: Click here to dismiss the widget.

OVERVIEW PLOT:

   Clicking on this button pops up a widget that will do an overview
   plot of various THEMIS data. On the overview plot widget, there is
   a widget that allows you to choose a probe. Only one probe is
   allowed at a time. The pop up widget also allows you to choose  
   various instruments,and other THEMIS ground data. The "Draw Overview 
   plot" button pops up a plot that shows a broad view of THEMIS data. 
   The data sets that are plotted are set to be the active data sets.

DRAW PLOT: 

   If you click on this button, a plot is created of the active
   data. This is identical in effect as the DRAW PLOT button on the
   Plot Menu Widget.

HELP BUTTON:

   Clicking on the "HELP" button displays this file. Click "Close" to
   dismiss the help widget.


ERROR BUTTON:

   When this button is clicked, an editable text widget pops up which
   display the THEMIS Science Help Request Form. This allows the user
   to input information about the error which has occurred. There is a
   save button, which saves the request in a file, which can be
   emailed to THEMIS_Science_Support@ssl.berkeley.edu. A file
   selection widget pops up, which allows you to choose the path and
   filename. 

   Click "Close" to dismiss the error widget.

   IMPORTANT NOTE: This error widget also pops up automatically when
   processing errors occur -- the Error button should only be needed
   if everything else fails.

CONFIG BUTTON:

   This button pops up a widget that allows access to the !themis
   system variable that controls the automatic downloading
   process. You can type in values for the different options in the
   windows. Note that you should not need to do this very often.
   
   The top window gives the local data directory. Any THEMIS data
   downloaded is expected to be downloaded into this directory. The
   default value for users who are logged on to an ssl.berkeley.edu
   machine is "/disks/data/themis/". For windows users, the default
   value is "C:/data/themis/". It can be set to any directory for which
   the user has write permission.

   The second window shows the remote data directory. The default is
   "http://themis.ssl.berkeley.edu/data/themis/"

   Next is the flag for automatic downloads; set this to 0 for
   automatic downloads, 1 for no automatic downloads. (This should be
   set to 1 for local SSL users).

   Next is the flag for file updates, if set to zero this will update
   files in local data directories if there is a file in the remote
   data directory which has the same name, but is new. If set to 1,
   then this is not done.

   Next is the download only flag; Set this to 0 to download and load
   data, set to 1 to only download data, and not load.

   Last is the verbose flag, set this to a number from 0 to 10. The
   higher the number, the more messages you get during processing.

   RESET: If you press this button, the configuration is returned to
   the state which existed before you popped up the widget.

   RESET TO DEFAULT: If you press this button, the configuration is
   returned to the default state in THM_CONFIG.pro, and any saved
   configuration file is deleted. This means that if you want to go
   back to a configuration that you have saved previously, you need to
   reset the values and then save the configuration. Alternatively,
   you can locate the previously saved file and copy it to the
   appropriate location in the APP_USER_DIR shown below.

   SAVE: If this button is pressed, then the current configuration is
   saved in a file. This file ends up in a directory created by the
   IDL APP_USER_DIR routine, on a windows system the path looks like
   this:
   "C:\usernme\.idl\themis\thm_config-4-win32\thm_config.txt".
   On a linux machine, it looks like:
   "$HOME/.idl/themis/thm_config-4-linux/thm_config.txt"

   IMPORTANT: Once you have saved this file, it will always be read
   when you run any THEMIS routines -- you should only need to do this
   once for each operating system that you are using. 

   Whenever you save a new file, the old file is copied to a file
   tagged with the current date and time, for retrieval in case of
   disaster.
   
   
 EXIT BUTTON: 

   Exits the program, and closes all of the popups, except
   for the Help, Error and Config widgets, which are designed as
   stand-alone widgets.


LIST OF DATATYPES FOR EACH INSTRUMENT: 

Note that not all of the data that will be listed in the load data
button are included, but these will be filled in as the mission
progresses. As of 2007-07-20 only ESA, FGM, FBK and SST have level 2 data available.

 Instrument   level      Data_name               Description
 asi          l1         asf                     All sky imager full resolution images of 256x256 pixels
                         ast                     All sky imager thumbnail images of 32x32 pixels
 ask          l1         ask                     All sky imager keogram images of 256 pixels

 esa          l0         454 (peif)              ESA ion full distribution
                         455 (peir)              ESA ion reduced distribution
                         456 (peib)              ESA ion burst distribution
                         457 (peef)              ESA electron full distribution
                         458 (peer)              ESA electron reduced distribution
                         459 (peeb)              ESA ion burst distribution

 esa          l2         peif_density            ESA Ion Density
                         peif_en_eflux           ESA Ion energy spectrogram
                         peif_t3                 Diagonalized Ion Temperature
                         peif_velocity_ds        ESA Ion Velocity DSL
                         peif_velocity_gs        ESA Ion Velocity GSE
                         peif_velocity_gs        ESA Ion Velocity GSM
                         peef_density            ESA Electron Density
                         peef_en_eflux           ESA Electron energy spectrogram
                         peef_t3                 Diagonalized Electron Temperature
                         peef_velocity_ds        ESA Electron Velocity DSL
                         peef_velocity_gs        ESA Electron Velocity GSE
                         peef_velocity_gs        ESA Electron Velocity GSM

 efi          l1         vaf                     EFI, Voltages, processor A fast survey/full orbit
                         vap                     EFI, Voltages, processor A particle burst
                         vaw                     EFI, Voltages, processor A wave burst
                         vbf                     EFI, Voltages, processor B fast survey/full orbit
                         vbp                     EFI, Voltages, processor B particle burst
                         vbw                     EFI, Voltages, processor B wave burst
                         eff                     EFI, E field, fast survey/full orbit
                         efp                     EFI, E field, particle burst
                         efw                     EFI, E field, wave burst
                         eff_0                   Electric Field E in 12, 34, 56 Sensor Coordinates
                         efp_0                   Electric Field E in 12, 34, 56 Sensor Coordinates
                         efw_0                   Electric Field E in 12, 34, 56 Sensor Coordinates

 fbk          l1         fb1                     Filter Bank 1 (E and/or B)
                         fb2                     Filter Bank 2 (E and/or B)
                         fbh                     Filter Bank High Frequency (100-300kHz)
 fbk          l2         fb_hff                   High-Frequency Filter peak and average values
                         fb_edc12                Spectrogram FBK EDC12
                         fb_edc34                Spectrogram FBK EDC34
                         fb_edc56                Spectrogram FBK EDC56
                         fb_scm1                 Spectrogram FBK SCM1
                         fb_scm2                 Spectrogram FBK SCM2
                         fb_scm3                 Spectrogram FBK SCM3

 fft          l1         ffp_16                  FFT in particle burst x 16 frequencies
                         ffp_32                  FFT in particle burst x 32 frequencies
                         ffp_64                  FFT in particle burst x 64 frequencies
                         ffw_16                  FFT in wave burst x 16 frequencies
                         ffw_32                  FFT in wave burst x 32 frequencies
                         ffw_64                  FFT in wave burst x 64 frequencies

 fgm          l1         fgl                     FGM Low Telemetry (low data rate)
                         fgh                     FGM High Telemetry (high data rate)
                         fge                     FGM Engineering Data (Decimated from FGH)
 fgm          l2         fgs                     FGS (spin-resolution) magnetic field B in XYZ Desp

 fit          l1         fit                     spinFIT file E&B raw data
                         fit_fgs                 FGM Spinfit calibrated data, dsl xyz
                         fit_efs                 EFI Spinfit calibrated data, dsl xyz
                         fit_bfit                FGM Spinfit calibrated data: A,B,C,sig,avg
                         fit_efit                EFI Spinfit calibrated data: A,B,C,sig,avg

 gmag         l2         mag                     Ground Magnetometer data in DHZ coordinates.

 mom          l1         mom                     On-board ESA and SST Moments

 scm          l1         scf                     SCM waveform Fast Survey
                         scp                     SCM waveform Particle Burst
                         scw                     SCM waveform Wave Burst

 sst          l1         sst                     same as esa

 state        l1         pos                     GEI position, xyz
                         vel                     GEI velocity, xyz
                         man                     Maneuver flag
                         roi                     Regions of Interest
                         spinras                 spin axis right ascension, deg
                         spindec                 spin axis declination, deg
                         spinalpha               Geom to spin axis, Euler alpha, deg
                         spinbeta                Geom to spin axis, Euler beta, deg
                         spinper                 spin period, sec
                         spinphase               spin phase, deg
